# Fault Location computational tool using Travelling Waves theory
The development of techniques for the location of faults has become an important tool for electrical energy operators, because with this it is possible to attend to contingencies in the shortest possible time and avoid interruptions in service or permanent damage to equipment. Thus, according to current needs and the most recent research, this final project proposes the implementation of an adaptable fault detection algorithm through travelling waves, as well as the development of a graphical interface for the input and visualization of parameters that also serves as a validation for the methodology using python as the main programing language. In the final solution, two types of estimation methods based on cross-correlation are implemented: conventional correlation and the Wavelet transform. Redundancy is included in the tool which also presents as an alternative the filtering process using MODWT for fault location. Furthermore, it is also possible to validate the operation of other devices such as protection relays. The system is capable of obtaining satisfactory results, finding estimation errors of less than 15% except for some cases with different simulation conditions. This project contributes to the implementation of the most recent theories such as that of traveling waves, since it can be a starting point for the development of new technologies and power tools for industrial use. Through its rapid detection, corrective actions or improvements can be implemented in the face of different failures commonly presented electrical grid transmissions systems.
 
